README.md, before:

toci
====


Description
-----------

TripleO CI test framework.

By default it uses bm_poseur nodes. Options exist to deploy on real hardware as well.

Configuration
-------------

edit ~/.toci and add values for
```bash
TOCI_UPLOAD=0
TOCI_RESULTS_SERVER=1.2.3.4
TOCI_CLEANUP=1
TOCI_REMOVE=1
TOCI_GIT_CHECKOUT=1
export http_proxy=http://1.2.3.4:3128
export https_proxy=http://1.2.3.4:3128

# set the arch (defaults to i386)
TOCI_ARCH="x86_64"


# The following options can be used w/ real hardware
# Space delimited, aligned in order
#export TOCI_MACS="12:34:56:78:9A:E1 12:34:56:78:9A:E2"
#export TOCI_PM_DRIVER="nova.virt.baremetal.ipmi.IPMI"
#export TOCI_PM_IPS="10.0.0.1 10.0.0.2"
#export TOCI_PM_USERS="user1 user2"
#export TOCI_PM_PASSWORDS="user1 user2"
```

Then run updated_launch.sh (this does a git update) or you can use toci.sh
directly to start the setup and tests.

Using Toci to setup a dev environment
-------------------------------------

I usualy do this a root, in theory it will also work as a non privilaged user.

    $ git clone https://github.com/toci-dev/toci.git
    $ cd toci
    $ vi ~/.toci # Will work without a proxy but a lot slower
    export http_proxy=http://192.168.1.104:8080
    export https_proxy=http://192.168.1.104:8080

To run toci here is your command, were setting
TOCI_REMOVE=0 TOCI_CLEANUP=0 so that it doesn't clean up after itself, so befor each run the virsh commands do the cleanup if there are any VM's defined

    $ for NAME in $(virsh list --name --all ); do virsh destroy $NAME ; virsh undefine --remove-all-storage $NAME ; done
    $ for NAME in $(virsh vol-list default | grep /var/ | awk '{print $1}' ); do virsh vol-delete --pool default $NAME ; done
    $ TOCI_REMOVE=0 TOCI_CLEANUP=0 ./toci.sh

Toci will start with a line outputing the working and log directories e.g.
Starting run Wed  3 Jul 11:46:39 IST 2013 ( /tmp/toci_working_g1Eb2NO /tmp/toci_logs_nGnrhLN )

On success it echo's 0 to the terminal or 1 on error

Once it ran successfully you should have a running seed node that can be used to start images. also /tmp/toci_working_* can be used as a work directory from which to build/start images e.g.

    $ . toci_env ; export ELEMENTS_PATH=$TOCI_WORKING_DIR/tripleo-image-elements/elements
    $ TOCI_WORKING_DIR/diskimage-builder/bin/disk-image-create -u -a i386 -o stackuserimage stackuser
    $ unset http_proxy ; unset https_proxy ; . ~/seedrc
    $ $TOCI_WORKING_DIR/incubator/scripts/load-image stackuserimage.qcow2
    $ nova boot --flavor 256 --key_name default stackuserimage --image  stackuserimage

Commit message:

Sync toci with current devtest
Toci hasn't worked in nearly two weeks, ever since some stuff was refactored,
after this commit toci
1. is now back in sync with devtest in incubator.
2. brings up an overcloud by default (set TOCI_DO_OVERCLOUD=0 to stop a
   undercloud).
3. clones all git repositories to /opt/toci (these arn't refreshed
   between toci runs unless removed).
4. changes some env variables so that the default behaviour is now
   closer to a what a user setting up a dev env would want.
5. removes unused patches and adds some new ones.
6. Adds a bit more documentation.

Change-Id: I19a34b1a400ec646f37310f265d1345bb6882dc3

README.md, after:

toci
====


Description
-----------

TripleO CI test framework.

By default it uses bm_poseur nodes. Options exist to deploy on real hardware as well.

Configuration
-------------

edit ~/.toci and add values for
```bash
TOCI_UPLOAD=0
TOCI_RESULTS_SERVER=1.2.3.4
TOCI_CLEANUP=1
TOCI_REMOVE=1
TOCI_GIT_CHECKOUT=1
export http_proxy=http://1.2.3.4:3128
export https_proxy=http://1.2.3.4:3128

# set the arch (defaults to i386)
TOCI_ARCH="x86_64"


# The following options can be used w/ real hardware
# Space delimited, aligned in order
#export TOCI_MACS="12:34:56:78:9A:E1 12:34:56:78:9A:E2"
#export TOCI_PM_DRIVER="nova.virt.baremetal.ipmi.IPMI"
#export TOCI_PM_IPS="10.0.0.1 10.0.0.2"
#export TOCI_PM_USERS="user1 user2"
#export TOCI_PM_PASSWORDS="user1 user2"
```

Then run updated_launch.sh (this does a git update) or you can use toci.sh
directly to start the setup and tests.

Using Toci to setup a dev environment
-------------------------------------

I usualy do this as root, in theory it will also work as a non privilaged user.

    $ git clone https://github.com/openstack-infra/tripleo-ci.git
    $ cd toci
    $ vi ~/.toci # Will work without a proxy but a lot slower
    export http_proxy=http://192.168.1.104:8080

To run toci here is your command

    $ ./toci.sh

Toci will start with a line outputing the working and log directories e.g.
Starting run Wed  3 Jul 11:46:39 IST 2013 ( /opt/toci /tmp/toci_logs_nGnrhLN )

Once it ran successfully (ERROR wasn't echo'd to the terminal) you should have
1. seed vm
2. undercloud vm
3. overcloud controller vm
4. overcloud compute vm
